Well thank you for following through
with me on the Introductory Course on Sensu
I hope you enjoyed it!
I also hope you have a new-found appreciation for Sensu,
and maybe a little bit of enthusiasm for
what makes Sensu unique, flexible and something to be proud of if you've built it.
Long-term, I think that Sensu and modular frameworks like this are the future
of how we will monitor dynamic systems
and I think Sensu's architecture and fundamental design decisions are good ones.
Don't forget that you can review any past
lecture if you feel fuzzy on any particular subject.
And also don't forget that every lecture
has show notes
with the exact commands I ran during that lecture.
Also, every lecture has extra materials for more reading
and further documentation on the
subject that we covered.
If you can get over that initial hump of understanding and
getting your head around the Sensu architecture and components,
I think you'll find that it's very powerful for building systems that
nobody really thought you could build before you had a monitoring system this flexible.
I hope that this course helps you get over that hump
And stay tuned for more courses on Sensu that I'll teach
covering more intermediate and advanced subjects.
Things like taking Sensu to a "production level",
making its scalable and secure
and also taking advantage of that flexibility that we only just scratched the surface on.
Well that about covers it for their introductory course.
Again I hope you enjoyed it and I hope
this has made you a better engineer
giving you a tool in your toolbox to
build things that
are really powerful and really something to be proud of.